Fix alt description for the images (#20945)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/css_object_model/determining_the_dimensions_of_elements/index.md

If you need to know the total amount of space an element occupies, including the width of the visible content, scrollbars (if any), padding, and border, you want to use the {{DOMxRef("HTMLElement.offsetWidth")}} and {{DOMxRef("HTMLElement.offsetHeight")}} properties. Most of the time these are the same as width and height of {{DOMxRef("Element.getBoundingClientRect()")}}, when there aren't any transforms applied to the element. In case of transforms, the `offsetWidth` and `offsetHeight` returns the element's layout width and height, while `getBoundingClientRect()` returns the rendering width and height. As an example, if the element has `width: 100px;` and `transform: scale(0.5);` the `getBoundingClientRect()` will return 50 as the width, while `offsetWidth` will return 100.

> ![properties to determine the height and width of the element layout](dimensions-offset.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![How the offsetWidth and offsetHeight properties are determined, considering padding, borders, and margin sizes](dimensions-offset.png)
```

Author: the description should be long! thank you for the review.

## What's the size of the displayed content?

If you need to know how much space the actual displayed content takes up, including padding but not including the border, margins, or scrollbars, you want to use the {{DOMxRef("Element.clientWidth")}} and {{DOMxRef("Element.clientHeight")}} properties:

> ![properties to determine the size of the content](dimensions-client.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![How the clientWidth and clientHeight properties are determined, considering padding, borders, and margin sizes](dimensions-client.png)
```
